URL: https://takeprofittraderhelp.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/32877159463709-KYB-verification
TITLE: KYB verification – TakeProfitTrader

Skip to main content
 Sign in
TakeProfitTrader
 Getting Started
 Your First Steps
Articles in this section
Sustainable Trading Policy
Registration Process
Choosing Your Platform
KYC Procedure
KYB verification
How to Purchase An Account
Restricted Countries
Reset Your Password
KYB verification
 Vlada
6 months ago Updated
What is KYB verification?

KYB (Know Your Business) verification is a required process to verify your company information. It is completed using our verification provider. KYB helps ensure compliance, security, and uninterrupted access to platform features.

 

When do you need to complete it?

You may be asked to complete KYB verification if:

You choose to trade as a company
Your company data needs to be verified or updated
Additional compliance checks are required

 

How to start KYB verification

After completing personal verification (KYC), you will be asked how you want to trade:

Select “As a company”
Fill in your company details (US companies only)
Click “Verify company”

 

Possible statuses
Verified — verification successful
Failed — verification was rejected
In progress — verification is being processed

 

After you complete the flow
Your verification status will be updated automatically
This may take a some time
In some cases, processing can take longer
✅ KYB verification successful
Your business is verified successfully
A success information modal will be shown
A confirmation email will be sent to you
❌ KYB verification failed
If KYB verification fails, you can try again.
You can attempt KYB verification up to 3 times
After each failed attempt:
A failure information modal will be shown
You will receive an email with the result
ℹ️ Note: In the US, business ownership or control detail information is not always available in public records. This means we may not be able to complete business verification due to limitations.
⏳ Verification pending

You may see a pending status after completing the verification. This means that the verification is still under review.

During this time:

A pending information modal will be shown
Please wait until the verification is completed
You can continue trade an individual
No additional action is required at this time

 

If you didn’t finish the flow

If you closed the tab:

Click Learn more in the banner on the top or
Go to User Profile
Open the Identity tab
Click Switch to Company
Fill in your company details
Click “Verify company”
ℹ️ The verification data shown on the Identity tab is for informational purposes only and is not retained if the verification is not successful.

 

Security & privacy
KYB verification is handled securely by verification provider

 

Need help?

If KYB verification stays pending for a long time or fails after multiple attempts, please contact support.


 

Was this article helpful?
Yes No
1 out of 1 found this helpful
Recently viewed articles
KYC Procedure
Choosing Your Platform
Registration Process
Sustainable Trading Policy
NOFEE30 PROMO FAQ
Related articles
How to Purchase An Account
KYC Procedure
Restricted Countries
Registration Process
Filling out tax forms
TakeProfitTrader
English (United States) 