URL: https://takeprofittraderhelp.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/29660646764445-NOFEE40-PROMO-FAQS
TITLE: NOFEE40 PROMO FAQS – TakeProfitTrader

Skip to main content
 Sign in
TakeProfitTrader
 FAQ's
 Promotions
Articles in this section
NOFEE40 PROMO FAQS
50AND3 PROMO FAQS
NOFEE30 PROMO FAQ
NOFEE50 PROMO FAQS
NOFEE40 PROMO FAQS
 Max
19 days ago Updated

Q: “How does the NOFEE40 promo work?”

During this NOFEE40 limited-time promo you’ll get a 40% lifetime discount off any account and have your $130 PRO account activation fees waived on that account for life!

 

Q: “Are there any limits on the NOFEE40 code usage?”

No, you can stack as many NOFEE40 test accounts as you want during the promo window. Every account created with code NOFEE40 gets the full 40% off and zero activation fee. Unlimited code usage.

 

Q: “What happens if I reset?”

Even if you reset, you will not lose your waived activation fees. Your activation fees are waived for life. Doesn’t matter if you reset once, twice, or however many times…you’ll never pay an activation fee on that active account.

 

Q: “Are there any additional fees to get funded?”

No, there are no additional fees to get funded. You can get funded for just the cost of your initial test. For example, if you bought a $50k test and you passed without a reset in your first 30 days, you’d be getting into your PRO account just for your initial test fee.

 

Q: “What happens if I don’t pass during this promo?”

It doesn’t matter how long it takes you to pass the test, your activation fee for the account is still waived. 

 

Q: “Is there a time limit?”

No, there is no time limit to pass the test or when these benefits expire. They are forever attached to your active account that’s created with the NOFEE40 code.

 

Q: “Is the 40% off for life because I’ll still pay monthly if I’m in the test, right?”

Exactly right. The 40% is a lifetime discount on the active test. So while you can pass in just 3 days, even if it takes you a little longer, that account's monthly subscription will always be 40% off and it will always carry no activation fee. As soon as you pass then the monthly subscription stops.

 

Q: “Can I still withdraw from day one in PRO even with no activation fee?”

Absolutely! Even with NOFEE40, our industry-leading payout policy remains the same…

Withdraw from day one in PRO.

Zero minimum days of profit.

No funded consistency rule.

No waiting on payout windows.

No scaling plan on any account.

No maximum withdrawal amount.

There’s no withdrawal restrictions on your profits above the buffer. You can get in, get out, and get paid on day one, day two, day three, or whatever day or days best fit your strategy.

 

Q: “What’s the limit to the number of No Fee accounts I can get?”

There is no limit to the number of no fee accounts you can secure. You can copy trade 5 funded accounts simultaneously, while also having as many “no fee” tests waiting for you as you’d like. It’s totally up to you.

 

Q: “So there’s no monthly fees once I pass?”

When you move to PRO, not only is your $130 activation fee waived during this promo, but your monthly subscription fee is also stopped for good! There are no ongoing monthly fees with a PRO Account.

So for example if you used the code NOFEE40 on a $50k account and you were to pass in 3 days (or within the first 30 days) without a reset, you’d be getting a $50k funded account for just $102 flat!

No activation fee.

No ongoing monthly fees.

No waiting weeks to withdraw.

Pass on your first try within 30 days and you’ll have a funded account with the ability to withdraw daily from day one in your PRO account…for just the cost of your initial test!

 

Q: “Why is it asking me to pay the activation fee when I used the promo?"

If you used the NOFEE40 promo, you are given a $130 PRO activation credit to use instead of paying the $130 fee. You will find this in your credit bank after passing the test. Please follow these steps to use it: How to Activate a PRO Account Using Credit. 


Please note that test accounts purchased using credits are not eligible for any promotions.

Was this article helpful?
Yes No
32 out of 33 found this helpful
Related articles
Activating Your CQG Data Feed
Connecting US Bank Accounts For Payouts
Restricted Countries
Keeping Track of Your Progress
NOFEE30 PROMO FAQ
TakeProfitTrader
English (United States) 