URL: https://takeprofittraderhelp.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/15141145057053-Test-Subscriptions
TITLE: Test Subscriptions – TakeProfitTrader

Skip to main content
 Sign in
TakeProfitTrader
 Getting Started
 Subscription Info
Articles in this section
Cancelling My Subscription
Test Subscriptions
Resetting Your Test Account
How to Check Your Renewal Date
My Trading Account Status Says "Pending"
Test Subscriptions
 Vlada
2 months ago Updated

Your Trading Test with TakeProfitTrader is structured as a monthly subscription. This approach provides you with complete flexibility to trade at your own pace — there is no time limit to reach your profit target.

Subscription Billing
You will be charged a subscription fee each month on the same calendar day as the original purchase of the first account under this subscription, unless the test is cancelled.
If you break a rule, your subscription will not cancel automatically. You must manually cancel it from your dashboard at takeprofittrader.com.
You also have the option to reset your test account at any time for a fee. This will not change your subscription renewal date.
Overdue Subscriptions  

Overdue subscriptions will be marked with a red card symbol in your user dashboard, with the note, “Subscription balance is overdue. The account cannot move to PRO unless the payment issue is resolved.”

Subscription renewals are fully automated. If your renewal payment fails, we will attempt to charge your card again.

Please make sure to have a sufficient balance and valid payment method on file because if the final payment attempt fails, your account will expire. We are not able to reactivate expired accounts.

Note: As stated above, if you pass the test with an overdue subscription, your account will not move to PRO until the balance is paid. If all renewal attempts are unsuccessful, the account will not move to PRO. 

If you need to update your payment method, you can follow these steps: Changing Your Payment Method.  

Transition to PRO Account

Once you successfully pass your trading test, your subscription will be automatically canceled.
There are no recurring subscription fees for PRO accounts — they operate differently from test subscriptions.

Related Article

For detailed instructions on how to cancel your subscription, see How Do I Cancel My Subscription?

Was this article helpful?
Yes No
19 out of 22 found this helpful
Recently viewed articles
Cancelling My Subscription
How to Purchase An Account
KYB verification
KYC Procedure
Choosing Your Platform
Related articles
My Trading Account Status Says "Pending"
Resetting Your Test Account
Rule 1: Hit Your Profit Target
Activating Your CQG Data Feed
Connecting NinjaTrader 8 with CQG
TakeProfitTrader
English (United States) 