URL: https://takeprofittraderhelp.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/35985020984605-NOFEE50-PROMO-FAQS
TITLE: NOFEE50 PROMO FAQS – TakeProfitTrader

Skip to main content
 Sign in
TakeProfitTrader
 FAQ's
 Promotions
Articles in this section
NOFEE40 PROMO FAQS
50AND3 PROMO FAQS
NOFEE30 PROMO FAQ
NOFEE50 PROMO FAQS
NOFEE50 PROMO FAQS
 Elizabeth
19 days ago Updated

Q: "Has reset pricing changed?"

Yes. Effective Saturday, May 16th, all test reset pricing is risk-adjusted and aligned to each account size.  For the full updated reset pricing structure, see our knowledge base article here: Resetting Your Test Account. 

Q: "How does the NOFEE50 Flash Sale work?" 

During this first-ever NOFEE50 flash sale you'll get a 50% lifetime discount off any test account and have your $130 PRO account activation fees waived on that account for life. The sale is only available this week.

Q: "Is there a time limit?"

On the sale? Yes. NOFEE50 is available for a limited time only until Tuesday, May 26th. 
On your benefits? Never. There is no time limit to pass or when these benefits expire. They are forever attached to your active account that's created with the NOFEE50 code.

Q: "What happens if I reset?" 

Even if you reset, you will not lose your waived activation fees. Your activation fees are waived for life. Doesn't matter if you reset once, twice, or however many times. You'll never pay an activation fee on that active account.

Q: "Are there any additional fees to get funded?" 

No, there are no additional fees to get funded. You can get funded for just the cost of your initial test. For example, if you bought a $50K test and you passed without a reset or rebill, you'd be getting into your PRO account just for your initial test fee.

Q: "What happens if I don't pass during this promo?"

It doesn't matter how long it takes you to pass the test, your activation fee for the account is still waived.

Q: "Is the 50% off for life because I'll still pay monthly if I'm in the test, right?" 

Exactly right. The 50% is a lifetime discount on the active test. So while you can pass in as little as 5 days, even if it takes you a little longer, that account's monthly subscription will always be 50% off and it will always carry no activation fee. As soon as you pass, the monthly subscription stops.

Q: "Can I still withdraw from day one in PRO even with no activation fee?" 

Absolutely! Even with NOFEE50, our industry-leading payout policy remains the same:

Withdraw from day one in PRO.
Zero minimum days of profit.
No funded consistency rule.
No waiting on payout windows.
No scaling plan on any account.
No maximum withdrawal amount.

There are no withdrawal restrictions on your profits above the buffer. You can get in, get out, and get paid on day one, day two, day three, or whatever day or days best fit your strategy.

Q: "Are the rules different in a PRO+ account?" 

Live-market PRO+ accounts offer the same day-one and daily payout policy with no buffer, a 90% profit split, and end-of-day drawdown.

Q: "What's the limit to the number of No Fee accounts I can get?" 

There is no limit to the number of no fee accounts you can secure. Stack as many flash-sale test accounts as you want during the promo window. Every account created with NOFEE50 gets the full 50% off and zero activation fee. You can also copy trade up to 5 "no fee" PRO or PRO+ accounts simultaneously, while having as many "no fee" tests waiting as you'd like. It's totally up to you.

Q: "How many funded accounts can I trade?" 

You can trade up to 5 funded accounts. That can be PRO accounts, PRO+ live-market accounts, or a combination of both.

Q: "So there's no monthly fees once I pass?" 

When you move to PRO, not only is your $130 activation fee waived during this promo, but your monthly subscription fee is also stopped for good! There are no ongoing monthly fees with a PRO account.

So for example if you used the code NOFEE50 on a $50K account and you were to pass without a reset or rebill, you'd be getting a $50K funded account for just $85 flat!

No activation fee.
No ongoing monthly fees.
No waiting weeks to withdraw.

Pass on your first try without a rebill and you'll have a funded account with the ability to withdraw daily from day one in your PRO account…for just the cost of your initial test!

Q: "Why is it asking me to pay the activation fee when I used the promo?" 

If you used the NOFEE50 promo, you are given a $130 PRO activation credit to use instead of paying the $130 fee. You will find this in your credit bank after passing the test. Please follow these steps to use it: How to Activate a PRO Account Using Credit.

Please note that test accounts purchased using credits are not eligible for any promotions.

Was this article helpful?
Yes No
3 out of 4 found this helpful
Recently viewed articles
NOFEE30 PROMO FAQ
50AND3 PROMO FAQS
NOFEE40 PROMO FAQS
Related articles
Resetting Your Test Account
How to Activate a PRO Account Using Credit
NOFEE40 PROMO FAQS
PRO Account Rules
TakeProfitTrader Universal Trading Policies (UTP)
TakeProfitTrader
English (United States) 