URL: https://takeprofittraderhelp.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/related/click?data=BAh7CjobZGVzdGluYXRpb25fYXJ0aWNsZV9pZGwrCB2yHYgMIToYcmVmZXJyZXJfYXJ0aWNsZV9pZGwrCJ1vUOj5GjoLbG9jYWxlSSIKZW4tdXMGOgZFVDoIdXJsSSI4L2hjL2VuLXVzL2FydGljbGVzLzM2MzM3NzA2OTcxNjc3LU5PRkVFMzAtUFJPTU8tRkFRBjsIVDoJcmFua2kK--a88b0e5e101a783416e695853eacc1baca358d42
TITLE: NOFEE30 PROMO FAQ – TakeProfitTrader

Skip to main content
 Sign in
TakeProfitTrader
 FAQ's
 Promotions
Articles in this section
NOFEE40 PROMO FAQS
50AND3 PROMO FAQS
NOFEE30 PROMO FAQ
NOFEE50 PROMO FAQS
NOFEE30 PROMO FAQ
 Danielle Vella
3 months ago Updated

 Q: “How does the NOFEE30 promo work?”

During this NOFEE30 limited-time promo you’ll get a 30% lifetime discount off any account and have your $130 PRO account activation fees waived on that account for life!

 

Q: “What happens if I reset?”

Even if you reset, you will not lose your waived activation fees. Your activation fees are waived for life. Doesn’t matter if you reset once, twice, or however many times…you’ll never pay an activation fee on that active account.

 

Q: Are there any additional fees to get funded?

No, there are no additional fees to get funded. You can get funded for just the cost of your initial test. For example, if you bought a $50K test and you passed without a reset or rebill, you'd be getting into your PRO account just for your initial test fee.

Q: “What happens if I don't pass during this promo?”

It doesn’t matter how long it takes you to pass the test, your activation fee for the account is still waived. 

 

Q: “Is there a time limit?”

No, there is no time limit to pass or when these promo benefits expire. They are forever attached to your active account that’s created with the NOFEE30 code.

 

Q: “Is the 30% off for life because I'll still pay monthly if I'm in the test, right?”

Exactly right. The 30% is a lifetime discount on the active test. So while you can pass in as little as 5 days, even if it takes you a little longer, that account's monthly subscription will always be 30% off and it will always carry no activation fee. As soon as you pass then the monthly subscription stops.

 

Q: “Can I still withdraw from day one in PRO even with no activation fee?”

Absolutely! Even with NOFEE30, our industry-leading payout policy remains the same…

Withdraw from day one in PRO.

Zero minimum days of profit.

No funded consistency rule.

No waiting on payout windows.

No scaling plan on any account.

No maximum withdrawal amount.

There’s no withdrawal restrictions on your profits above the buffer. You can get in, get out, and get paid on day one, day two, day three, or whatever day or days best fit your strategy.

 

Q: “Are the rules different in a PRO+ account?”

A: PRO+ accounts offer the same day-one and daily payout policy with no buffer, a 90% profit split and end-of-day drawdown. 

 

Q: “What's the limit to the number of No Fee accounts I can get?”

There is no limit to the number of no fee accounts you can secure. Stack as many NOFEE30 test accounts as you want during the promo window. You can copy trade 5 “no fee” PRO or PRO+ accounts simultaneously, while also having as many “no fee” tests waiting for you as you’d like. It’s totally up to you.

 

Q: “How many funded accounts can I trade?”

You can trade up to 5 funded accounts. That can be PRO accounts, PRO+ live-market accounts, or a combination of both.

 

Q: “So there's no monthly fees once I pass?”

When you move to PRO, not only is your $130 activation fee waived during this promo, but your monthly subscription fee is also stopped for good! There are no ongoing monthly fees with a PRO Account.

So for example if you used the code NOFEE30 on a $50k account and you were to pass in 5 days (or within the first 30 days) without a reset, you’d be getting a $50k funded account for just $119 flat!

No activation fee.

No ongoing monthly fees.

No waiting weeks to withdraw.

Pass on your first try within 30 days and you’ll have a funded account with the ability to withdraw daily from day one in your PRO account…for just the cost of your initial test!

 

Q: “Why is it asking me to pay the activation fee when I used the promo?"

If you used the NOFEE30 promo, you are given a $130 PRO activation credit to use instead of paying the $130 fee. You will find this in your credit bank after passing the test. Please follow these steps to use it: How to Activate a PRO Account Using Credit. 

Please note that test accounts purchased using credits are not eligible for any promotions.

 


 

Was this article helpful?
Yes No
0 out of 0 found this helpful
Recently viewed articles
Keeping Track of Your Progress
Restricted Countries
Connecting US Bank Accounts For Payouts
Activating Your CQG Data Feed
How to Activate a PRO Account Using Credit
Related articles
NOFEE50 PROMO FAQS
NOFEE40 PROMO FAQS
How to Activate a PRO Account Using Credit
PRO Account Rules
Rule 6: No Counter Positions
TakeProfitTrader
English (United States) 