URL: https://takeprofittraderhelp.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/38320927906717-50AND3-PROMO-FAQS
TITLE: 50AND3 PROMO FAQS – TakeProfitTrader

Skip to main content
 Sign in
TakeProfitTrader
 FAQ's
 Promotions
Articles in this section
NOFEE40 PROMO FAQS
50AND3 PROMO FAQS
NOFEE30 PROMO FAQ
NOFEE50 PROMO FAQS
50AND3 PROMO FAQS
 KeShonna
20 days ago Updated

Q: “What is changing with the evaluation period?”

Effective immediately, evaluations are moving from 5 days to 3 days. This is a program change, and doesn’t end when the flash sale ends.

Q: “Does the 3-day eval period apply to existing test accounts?”

The 3-day eval applies to new test accounts purchased from August 17th onward. Existing tests and resets
associated with those tests will still have the 5-day eval period.

Q: “Are any other test rules changing?”

No, the test rules stay exactly the same. The only change is the eval period: 3 days instead of 5. For a full breakdown of the other test rules, visit this link: The 6 Core Rules.

Q: “How does the 50AND3 Flash Sale work?”

During this 50AND3 flash sale you'll get a 50% lifetime discount off any test account and have your $130 PRO account activation fees waived on that account for life. The sale is only available this week.

Q: “Is there a time limit?”

On the sale? Yes, 50AND3 is available only through August 25th.

On the eval period? No. The 3-day eval is a program change and stays after the sale expires.

Q: “With shorter evals and no activation fee, can I still withdraw from day one in PRO?”

Absolutely, you can always withdraw from day one in PRO! Shorter evals don't mean a different payout policy. Even with the 3-day eval and 50AND3, our industry-leading payout policy remains exactly the same:

Withdraw from day one in PRO.

Zero minimum days of profit.

No funded consistency rule.

No waiting on payout windows.

No scaling plan on any account.

No maximum withdrawal amount.

There are no withdrawal restrictions on your profits above the buffer. You can get in, get out, and get paid on day one, day two, day three, or whatever day or days best fit your strategy.

Q: “Are there any limits on the 50AND3 code usage?”

No, there are no limits to how many accounts you can buy with the promo code. Stack as many flash-sale test accounts as you want during the promo window. Every account created with 50AND3 gets the full 50% off and zero activation fee. Unlimited code usage.

Q: “What happens if I reset?”

Even if you reset, you will not lose your waived activation fees. Your activation fees are waived for life. Doesn't matter if you reset once, twice, or however many times. You'll never pay an activation fee on that active account.

Q: “Are there any additional fees to get funded?”

No, there are no additional fees to get funded. You can get funded for just the cost of your initial test. For example, if you bought a $50K test and you passed without a reset or rebill, you'd be getting into your PRO account just for your initial test fee.

Q: “What happens if I don't pass during this promo?”

It doesn't matter how long it takes you to pass the test, your activation fee for the account with the promo is still waived.

Q: “Is the 50% off for life because I'll still pay monthly if I'm in the test, right?”

Yes, the 50% is a lifetime discount on the active test. So while you can now pass in as little as 3 days, even if it takes you a little longer, that account's monthly subscription will always be 50% off and it will always carry no activation fee. As soon as you pass, the monthly subscription stops.

Q: “Are the rules different in a PRO+ account?”

Live-market PRO+ accounts offer the same day-one and daily payout policy with no buffer, a 90% profit split, and end-of-day drawdown.

Q: “What's the limit to the number of NOFEE accounts I can get?”

There is no limit to the number of accounts you can get. Stack as many flash-sale test accounts as you want during the promo window. You can also trade up to 5 funded accounts at once. That can be PRO accounts, PRO+ live-market accounts, or a combination of both up to five.

Q: “So there's no monthly fees once I pass?”

When you move to PRO, not only is your $130 activation fee waived during this promo, but your monthly subscription fee is also stopped for good! There are no ongoing monthly fees with a PRO account.

So for example if you used the code 50AND3 on a $50K account and you were to pass without a reset or rebill, you'd be getting a $50K funded account for just $85 flat!

No activation fee.

No ongoing monthly fees.

No waiting weeks to withdraw.

Pass on your first month without a reset or rebill and you'll have a funded account with the ability to withdraw daily from day one in your PRO account, for just the cost of your initial test!

Q: “Why is it asking me to pay the activation fee when I used the promo?”

If you used the 50AND3 promo, you are given a $130 PRO activation credit to use instead of paying the $130 fee. You will find this in your credit bank after passing the test. Please follow these steps to use it: How to Activate a PRO Account Using Credit.

Please note that test accounts purchased using credits are not eligible for any promotions.

Was this article helpful?
Yes No
2 out of 2 found this helpful
Recently viewed articles
NOFEE40 PROMO FAQS
Related articles
NOFEE40 PROMO FAQS
Rule 5: Be Consistent
Rule 6: No Counter Positions
NOFEE50 PROMO FAQS
NOFEE30 PROMO FAQ
TakeProfitTrader
English (United States) 