URL: https://try.takeprofittrader.com/playbook_v2_0525
TITLE: Take Profit Trader | Playbook

support@takeprofittrader.com

TRYING TO GET FUNDED

WITH FUTURES?

Steal These Secrets!

This FREE playbook reveals 3 simple secrets funded traders use that can help them get and keep their funded accounts. Plus, you'll learn how traders can get paid from day one and daily in a Take Profit Trader PRO account…

DOWNLOAD YOUR FREE COPY

3 Secrets
Funded Traders Use

Actionable Insights
For Passing Evals

Mastering

The 25% Rule

The #1 Funded

Mistake To Avoid

Why Traders Often Fail...

Traders seeking funding often fail, but it's for two main reasons that nobody talks about and it's probably not what you think! Learn what they are and how to be more aware of the trap.

In This Playbook You Will Discover...
It's Not Your Strategy...

After seeing behind the scenes of THOUSANDS of our own traders, we can share some of the smartest strategies we've come across. In this playbook we'll show examples of why it might not be your strategy. No fancy indicators. No reinventing the wheel. Use your strategy with a few minor adjustments so you can stop jumping from system to system.

Trading Larger Accounts...

Bigger accounts can be both appealing and intimidating, but surprisingly, they can also be a bit more passable for some traders. In this Playbook we'll share the how and why behind trading the biggest account possible.

Read The Opening Page Of The Playbook...

"Let's get straight to the point...




The goal of this playbook is to show you how to get funded as a trader. So, instead of trying to teach you how I trade, I will show you some statistical trends that we have seen over and over and over again at Take Profit Trader (and many years before that).




I will not dive deep into where to enter and exit trades, or any specific type of trading strategy. With that said, the trends I'm about to outline in this playbook have consistently proven effective, irrespective of the trading strategy you use. Whether you're operating on a 1-minute or 4-hour timeframe, managing a $25K or $150K account...




These trends can be incredibly valuable in helping you trade smarter."

It's Yours Free.

Read it in one sitting.

Start Trading Smarter.

DOWNLOAD YOUR FREE COPY

TakeProfitTrader LLC

9100 Conroy Windermere Rd Suite 200 Windermere, FL 34786

DISCLAIMER




Allowed Products: At TakeProfitTrader LLC, we empower our traders to navigate the dynamic world of futures trading. Our platform grants access to an extensive range of futures products exclusively listed on esteemed exchanges, including CME, COMEX, NYMEX, and CBOT. It's important to note that our program and platforms do not support or facilitate trading in stocks, options, forex, cryptocurrencies, or CFDs.




Trading Test Disclaimer: The evaluation program is a challenging assessment designed to simulate real market conditions. It is important to note that successfully passing the Trading Test requires a high level of skill and experience in trading. Our Trading Test is challenging, and between January 1, 2024, and December 31, 2024, 16.86% of all Trading Tests were successfully passed, with traders attaining the PRO account within this timeframe. It's worth mentioning that even seasoned traders often find this challenge demanding. As such, we recommend the Trading Test primarily for those with substantial trading experience.




Information Disclaimer: Please be advised that all content disseminated by TakeProfitTrader LLC and its affiliated entities is intended solely as general information. None of the information provided by TakeProfitTrader LLC and its affiliated entities should be construed as (a) investment advice, (b) an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security, or (c) an endorsement, recommendation, or sponsorship of any particular security, company, or fund. The utilization of information available on the TakeProfitTrader’s websites is undertaken at your own discretion, and TakeProfitTrader LLC, along with its partners, representatives, agents, employees, and contractors, disclaims any responsibility or liability for the use or misuse of such information.




Futures, foreign currency and options trading contains substantial risk and is not for every investor. An investor could potentially lose all or more than the initial investment. Risk capital is money that can be lost without jeopardizing one's financial security or lifestyle. Only risk capital should be used for trading and only those with sufficient risk capital should consider trading. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results.




CFTC Rules 4.41 - Hypothetical or Simulated performance results have certain limitations, unlike an actual performance record, simulated results do not represent actual trading. Also, since the trades have not been executed, the results may have under-or-over compensated for the impact, if any, of certain market factors, such as lack of liquidity. Simulated trading programs in general are also subject to the fact that they are designed with the benefit of hindsight. No representation is being made that any account will or is likely to achieve profit or losses similar to those shown.




TESTIMONIAL DISCLOSURE: TESTIMONIALS APPEARING ON TAKEPROFITTRADER.COM MAY NOT BE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE EXPERIENCE OF OTHER CLIENTS OR CUSTOMERS AND IS NOT A GUARANTEE OF FUTURE PERFORMANCE OR SUCCESS.

© Copyright 2025 TAKEPROFITTRADER LLC. All Rights Reserved.